We wanna reach out to our
influencers at this point.
Now, there are many different ways of
doing this and many different formats.
But let's first of all look at
the trouble with influencers, right?
I get dozens of emails every week,
pitching something to me, right?
And I'm a relatively small influencer
in a very niche field, right?
And it just drives me nuts, right?
Even a niche influencer like myself
get dozens of emails asking me for
links, to promote various
stuff via social media.
And with so much noise, a single email
is not gonna get their attention, right?
Now we've sent them a couple of emails,
we have warmed them up a little bit.
But really, if you wanna start building
a relationship with these people and
you want them to be promoting
the report and that kind of thing.
You're gonna need to engage with
them a little bit better than that.
You're gonna need to build
a relationship with them, right?
The best way of doing
that is to be helpful.
So, following them on social media, paying
attention to what they're talking about,
contributing to those conversations.
Providing with help where you can,
be encouraging and
grateful, amplifying their content for
them and
re-sharing it, that kind of thing.
And then only after you've built
a bit of a report to the point where
maybe they've contacted you directly
once or twice and thanked you.
Then at that point, you're probably
in a position to reach out to them.
And don't just immediately email them,
but over social media just ask them,
is it all right if I drop you an email,
all right?
So nurture that relationship first of all,
rather than just going
in with a cold email.
And when you are emailing influencers,
basically, the key there
is to really go in and
thank them for
all that they've shared online.
Be very honest about that you'd like
their help, tell them that you wanna
share stuff, but only after you've
kind of established that relationship.
Now if you get lucky earlier
on in the process when
you reach out to them previously,
you might have either got an influencer
who is willing to put their name
on this and do this with you.
In which case that changes
the ballgame entirely,
because you can use their name and
reputation to promote the report.
Or alternatively, they might have been
willing to be interviewed for the report,
in which case make sure you
mentioned them in the report.
And now you can go back and say, hey,
thanks so much for that interview,
I've included you in the report,
here's a free copy of it, right?.
When it comes to emailing
influencing publications, again,
I've provided you with a sample email.
I'm not gonna go into all the details
of why it is the way it is.
But it's basically talking
about what the report is,
whether they'd share it
with their audience, etc.
So, you've done your best with your
initial list to promote
sort of the course and
the report and you've shared it around.
But we're not done yet because it's
still gonna be a relatively small
list you may well have less than 50
people on your list at this point.
So we're gonna start, building on that and
taking it to the next level.
But before we do that,
are there any questions out of that,
what we've had so far?
>> Does Paul recommend a separate domain,
or
removing all of the navigation on the rest
of your site, or a landing pitch?
>> Yeah, that's a fair comment,
I do get that.
I would probably stick with your
same domain, why complicate things?
But just create subdomain
would seem logical to me.
But I would remove all the navigation
to the rest of the site.
So that you're not overly pushing your
services and things alongside that.
So if you look at most of my,
well, cards on the table, right?
At the end of this, I'm gonna give
you a link to get the slide deck.
But am I gonna leave it there,
of course I'm not, right?
I'm also gonna ask you to
sign up to my newsletter.
So when you go to that page,
you're gonna see for
yourself that is not part of the main
blog world sites on a subdomain.
But there's no navigation,
there's no mention of my services or
anything like that there.
So that's the kind of
thing you're aiming at.
So you can see for yourself when
you download the slide deck, so
hopefully that helps.